feat: improve `Trainer` and `DeeprankDataset` logic for production testing (#515)
DeepRank/deeprank2: docs/getstarted.md

    title='Loss vs epochs'
)
```

## Run a pre-trained model on new data

> If you want to run a pre-trained model on new PDB files, the first step is to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery` queries mapped to graphs:
> 
> ```python
> from deeprank2.query import QueryCollection, ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery
> 
> queries = QueryCollection()
> 
> # Append data points
> queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery(
>     pdb_path = "<new_pdb_file1.pdb>",
>     chain_id1 = "A",
>     chain_id2 = "B"
> ))
> queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery(

Reviewer: As this part of the docs is new in this PR, the class names didn't get updated when you merged with dev.

```suggestion
If you want to run a pre-trained model on new PDB files, the first step is to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceQuery` queries mapped to graphs:

```python
from deeprank2.query import QueryCollection, ProteinProteinInterfaceQuery

queries = QueryCollection()

# Append data points
queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceQuery(
    pdb_path = "<new_pdb_file1.pdb>",
    chain_id1 = "A",
    chain_id2 = "B"
))
queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceQuery(
```

    title='Loss vs epochs'
)
```

## Testing new data

> If new PDB files need to be tested with a pre-trained model, the first step would be to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery` queries mapped to graphs:

Author: In the ML/DL terminology, "testing" usually refers to data that are not used during the training. New data can be considered new testing cases. I changed the title to "## Run a pre-trained model on new data" which I think is clearer.

> If new PDB files need to be tested with a pre-trained model, the first step would be to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery` queries mapped to graphs:

Author: Regarding the repetition, I think it's better to repeat the code block. A user may skip the rest and may be confused. Also, it's not in the readme, so it's fine if it's longer

> If new PDB files need to be tested with a pre-trained model, the first step would be to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery` queries mapped to graphs:

Author: Added to the readme. I think it will be nice to add a tutorial only when we publish a pre-trained model (such as the one used in the 3D-Vac paper), or when we create a more "advanced" tutorial. For now having that in the .md files only is fine.

> If new PDB files need to be tested with a pre-trained model, the first step would be to process and save them into HDF5 files. Let's suppose that the model has been trained with `ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery` queries mapped to graphs:

Reviewer: agreed

```python

> from deeprank2.query import QueryCollection, ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery

Author: Indeed, I just merged with dev

queries = QueryCollection()

# Append data points
queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery(
    pdb_path = "<new_pdb_file1.pdb>",
    chain_id1 = "A",
    chain_id2 = "B"
))
queries.add(ProteinProteinInterfaceResidueQuery(
    pdb_path = "<new_pdb_file2.pdb>",
    chain_id1 = "A",
    chain_id2 = "B"
))

hdf5_paths = queries.process(
    "<output_folder>/<prefix_for_outputs>",
    feature_modules = 'all')
```

> Then, the GraphDataset instance representing the testing set can be defined. Note that there is no need of setting the dataset's parameters, since they are inherited from the information saved in the pre-trained model. 

Author: As above, new data points are new testing points, so in ML/DL gergon the dataset can be considered a new "testing" dataset (for sure not a training set). It only _inherits_ parameters from the training data, but it contains testing data. Also in this case I did a mix between the old version and your suggestions.
